Thank you very much, this is an honor to speak at this colloquium and I have a brief introduction to the Japanese activity and those are relating quality control and bootstrap activities. We now call total quality management system basically starting with QC. QC means quality control, controlled quality products.

So RE70 and RE80, this is a strong tool for the Japanese production. So RE80 and next decade we call development this system, total quality control. This is control plus management system.

RE90 we are standardized we call the TQM. TQM means total quality management system. This is a control plus management plus strategy. So cross-functional process management system is TQM. 

This is a paradigm shift of TQM. A fast generation quality control is enterprise organization image is manufacturing. Next generation is TQC is product competitive power is most important thing. But now TQM means respectable existence, this is most important thing that RE90 or probably next century. Target is fast decade; faster generation QC system has production quality, only production quality. 

But TQC second-generation means product service quality is higher rather. TQM means management quality. Also quality intention is conformity is meaning the QC. The TQC means customer satisfaction. But the TQM means stakeholder satisfaction, and this is a little different.

Also quality guarantee solution is a QC is a product out, but the TQC is a market in. Also TQM is a society in, means environmental problems, many complex problems last 1990. So control object is very different. QC is controlled production but TQC controls process and the TQM controls management system. Object is very different. 

So idea of TQM is quality of management and also improvement of total quality. Quality means very different compared with QC activities. Management science means TQM not management, means not equal management. TQM is equal methodology of management science that is very important thing. 

Also vision of TQM aim is respectable existence. Means co-delighting relationship with the stakeholder and also competitive and praised ability and activity is technology, speed and flexibility, and also vitality. Vitality means recently knowledge management system is very close to the vitality is make one's presence felt, is most important thing. Also methodology of TQM is very complex.

One is including ordinary method. Is all including, BPR, concurrent
engineering, total productive maintenance, total productivity, just in
time, 6 Sigma, ISO9000 and also CALS is very interesting best under TQM.
But TQM method is a little different. TQM method is QC story, task accomplish.

This is the very best one on the QC activities. Also Q7, Q7 is a QC7 tools. We are arranging new QC7 tools we call N7. Also, P7 is new one, this is a planning 7 tools. Also, S7, S7 means strategy 7 tools. Also, quality function development reliability engineering. Also, many operations research methods are included. TQM means unify of management method based on the operations research or another new study analysis and the new management of technology.

Also a strategy of TQM is corporate strategy, business strategy, functional strategy and management strategy submits always "what to do". But usually management strategies didn't say "how to do" this is not submitted. Also, life stage is most important thing of the next century. It means life cycle assessment; this is most important thing towards product able and more
policy orientated or many social system or life cycle assessment. This is most very important thing. So TQM is suitable this life stage cycle. Also, TQM means open transparency of activities. PDCA cycle is like this.